Internal error.
Keyword already exists. Please enter another one.
Invalid file size. Please check your file and try again.
Wrong file.
Invalid file size. Please check your file and try again.
The uploaded file was not accepted.
Error! Please try again.
Failed to restore to default settings.
The uploaded file does not match the device's current hardware version.
Invalid IP address.
LAN Host IP must be on the same subnet with LAN IP. Please input another one.
The WAN Host IP and current LAN IP cannot be on the same subnet. Please input another one.
Invalid port number. Please input another one (1-65535).
Invalid MAC address. The valid format is '00:00:00:00:00:00'.
Please at least configure IP Address, Port or MAC Address for the LAN Host.
Please at least configure IP Address, Port or MAC Address for the WAN Host.
Please configure the time for the new schedule.
Please at least configure LAN Host or WAN Host for the Filtering Rule.
Invalid filtering rule. Please input another one.
The added LAN Host conflicts with the existing LAN Hosts.
The added WAN Host conflicts with the existing WAN Hosts.
The added schedule conflicts with the existing schedule.
The added filtering rule conflicts with the existing rules.
Please input at least one URL.
URL number has reached the upper limit.
The entry in use cannot be deleted.
Internal error occurred in rule setting.
Failed to set the default filtering rule.
Failed to set URL. Please try again.
The MAC Address of Child's PC should differ from that of Parental PC. Please input another one. 
The input value should not contain: \\/\":*?<>|&. Please input another one.
The input value should not end with whitespace characters. Please input another one.
The input URL contains illegal characters. Please input another one.
The MAC Address of Parental PC should differ from that of Child's PC. Please input another one.
The number of added entries has reached the limit.
The number of added entries has reached the limit.
The Description conflicts with the existing Descriptions.
The Device Name conflicts with the existing Device Names.
The requested minimum downstream rate can't be satisfied. Please input another one.
The requested minimum upstream rate can't be satisfied. Please input another one.
The added rule conflicts with the existing rules.
Start IP Address must be on the same subnet with LAN IP, but cannot be the same as LAN IP. Please input another one.
The End IP Address is the same as LAN IP or is not on the same subnet with LAN IP address. Please input another one.
The total downstream bandwidth should not be less than the sum of IPTV Downstream Bandwidth Guarantee and all the minimum downstream rate of the enabled rules.
The total upstream bandwidth should not be less than the sum of IPTV Upstream Bandwidth Guarantee and all the minimum upstream rate of the enabled rules.
The total upload bandwidth should not be less than the VoIP Upstream Bandwidth Guarantee.
The upstream bandwidth guarantee cannot be 0 kbps. Please enter another one.
Controlling Rules list is full! Please delete one existing rule before adding a new one.
The business or flow classification must be bound to one queue.
The weight of the added WRR queue must be greater than 0.
The precedence of the added SP queue must not be larger than 8.
The queues with the same QoS direction must have different names.
The precedence of the added SP queue must differ from the existing SP queue.
The sum of all WRR queues with the same QoS direction should not be larger than 100.
The requested scheduler algorithm is not supported.
The business name of the added business classification must differ from that of the existing business classification.
There is no QoS interface bound to the business classification.
Business classification can be used only for upstream QoS.
There is no QoS queue bound to the business classification.
There is no QoS interface bound to the flow classification.
There is no QoS queue bound to the flow classification.
Invalid ingress interface of the flow classification.
The class name of the added flow classification must differ from that of the existing flow classification.
The criteria of the added classification must differ from that of the existing classifications.
The source IP address of flow classification for upstream QoS must be IP address of LAN side.
The destination IP address of flow classification for upstream QoS should not be IP address of LAN side.
The source IP address of flow classification for downstream QoS should not be IP address of LAN side.
The destination IP address of flow classification for downstream QoS must be IP address of LAN side.
Invalid QoS direction.
This number should be between 0 and 1000.
The total upload bandwidth should not be less than the VoIP Upload Bandwidth Guarantee.
The total download bandwidth should not be less than 1 kbps.
The new rule conflicts with the existing one.
The IP address must be on the same subnet with LAN IP address. Please input another one.
Virtual Servers list is full.
The entry already exists or its port is occupied. 
Invalid port number. Please input another one (1-65535).
The IP address is not on the same subnet with LAN IP address. Please input another one.

Port Triggering list is full.
Triggering Ports conflict.
Triggering Port must range from 1 to 65535. Please input another one.
External Port must range from 1 to 65535. Please input another one.
The new entry conflicts with the existing one.
Invalid LAN IP address. Please input another one.
Invalid Subnet Mask. Please input another one.
LAN IP does not match the subnet mask, or it is a reserved IP address.
The LAN IP should not be on the same subnet with the WAN IP. Please input another one.
The LAN IP of different groups should not be on the same subnet. Please input another one.
Failed to get default LAN IP for the new group. Please alter LAN IP and Subnet Mask of other groups.
Invalid Start IP Address. Please input another one.
Invalid End IP Address. Please input another one.
Invalid Subnet Mask. Please input another one.
Invalid Primary DNS. Please input another one.
Invalid Secondary DNS. Please input another one.
Invalid Remote Server's IP Address. Please input another one.
Please input Remote Server's IP Address.
Start IP Address must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP, and it cannot be a reserved IP address. Please input another one.
End IP address must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP, and it cannot be a reserved IP address. Please input another one.
Default Gateway must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP, and it cannot be a reserved IP address. Please input another one.
Invalid IP Address. Pleas input another one.
Invalid MAC Address. Please input another one.
IP address must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP, and it cannot be a reserved IP address. Please input another one.
The input MAC address conflicts with the existing rules. Please input another one.
The input IP address conflicts with the existing rules. Please input another one.
Please input the Client Name.
Please input the Vendor ID.
Invalid Start IP Address. Please input another one.
Invalid End IP Address. Please input another one.
Invalid or no Default Gateway. Please input a valid Default Gateway.
Invalid or no Primary DNS. Please input a valid Primary DNS.
Invalid or no Secondary DNS. Please input a valid Secondary DNS.
Start IP Address must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP, and it cannot be a reserved IP address. Please input another one.
End IP address must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP, and it cannot be a reserved IP address. Please input another one.
Default Gateway must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP, and it cannot be a reserved IP address. Please input another one.
The input Client Name conflicts with the existing entries. Please input another one.
The input Vendor ID conflicts with the existing entries. Please input another one.
The input DHCP Address Pool overlaps an existing DHCP address pool. Please input another one.
The Option Value is out of range. It should range from 1 to 254.
Please input Option Value. The Option Value should range from 1 to 254.
The input Vendor ID conflicts with the existing entries. Please input another one.
The input reserved IP and MAC conflict with the arp bind list items. Please input another one. You can check the arp bind list at \"Security->IP & MAC Binding\".
Invalid Default Gateway. Please input another one.
Invalid Destination IP Address. Please input another one.
Invalid Subnet Mask. Please input another one.
Invalid Gateway. Please input another one.
Subnet Mask does not match the Destination IP Address. Please input another one.
Destination IP Address cannot be on the same subnet with the LAN IP. Please input another one.
Destination IP Address cannot be on the same subnet with the WAN IP. Please input another one.
Entry already exists. Please input another one.
Gateway must be on the same subnet with the device interface's IP address. Please input another one.
Invalid Static Route. Please input another one.
The connection that the entry belongs to does not exist.
DNS error. Please try again.
Failed to set DNS. Please try again.
Failed to set Dynamic DNS. Please try again.
Failed to obtain Dynamic DNS information.
Username cannot exceed 64 characters.
Password cannot exceed 64 characters.
Dynamic DNS service is not running.
Invalid update URL.
Please enter the username.
Please enter the password.
Invalid domain name.
The update URL length cannot exceed 384 characters.
Static time server error. Please try again.
Invalid year format. Please input another one (1970-2037).
Invalid month format. Please input another one (01-12).
Invalid day format. Please input another one (01-31).
Invalid hour format. Please input another one (00-23).
Invalid minute format. Please input another one (00-60).
Invalid second format. Please input another one (00-60).
Invalid start date.
Invalid end date.
Invalid date setting. Start date should be earlier than end date.
The number of binding entries has reached its limit.
The loaded ARP binding entry conflicts with an existing one.
The loaded ARP entry conflicts with an existing entry.
Invalid IP address format.
Invalid MAC Address format.
Invalid status.
The input IP address must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP address. Pleas input another one.
Failed to add system ARP entry.
Failed to delete system ARP entry.
Failed to set system ARP entry.
Invalid parameter format.
The input binging IP and MAC conflict with the DHCP reserved IP and MAC. Please input another one. You can check the DHCP IP and MAC reserved items at \"Network->Lan Settings\".
Auto detecting... Please don't add or delete any connection now.
Invalid VCI. Please input another one.
Invalid VPI. Please input another one.
Invalid LAN port. Please input another one.
IPTV bridge connection is not in this group.
IPTV LAN port is not in this group.
The LAN port for the IPTV connection is occupied by another connection media (e.g. Ethernet WAN). Please check the connections. 
Ethernet WAN is not enabled.
IPTV LAN Port cannot be blank.
IPTV LAN IP address conflicts with the WAN IP Address.
Internal error. Unable to enable VLAN.
Invalid VLAN ID value, it should be 7-4094.
Invalid VLAN ID value, it should be 0-7.
Ethernet WAN interface is not in the default group.
Ethernet WAN interface name cannot be blank.
VLAN is disabled. Please enable it first.
The LAN port for the Ethernet WAN connection has been occupied by another connection media (e.g. IPTV). Please check the connections.
Ethernet WAN interface does not exist.
SCR value cannot be blank.
PCR value cannot be blank.
SCR value cannot be larger than the PCR value.
MBS value cannot be blank.
DSL WAN interface does not exist.
Invalid physical connection type for this IP connection.
Unsupported physical connection type.

No DSL/Ethernet link configuration.
This connection type is not supported.
Failed to generate MAC address. Please delete an existing entry and try again.
Invalid VLAN ID.
This VLAN ID already exists. Please input another one.
Internal error.
The value must be within the specified string array. Please input another one.
Invalid IP address format.
Invalid interface name.
Invalid MAC address or incorrect format.
Invalid MAC address or incorrect format.
WAN IP cannot be on the same subnet with the LAN IP.
Invalid DNS server address format.
Invalid IP address or incorrect format.
Invalid Gateway or incorrect format.

IPoA does not support single-PVC-multi-connection. Please set available VPI/VCI values.
Failed to create IPoA interface.
Internal error.
The value must be within the specified string array. Please input another one.
Invalid IP address format for IP connection.
Invalid IP address format for PPP connection.
Invalid interface name for IP connection.
Invalid interface name for PPP connection.
Invalid MAC address or incorrect format.
Invalid MAC address or incorrect format.



Invalid IP address or incorrect format for IP connection.
Invalid IP address or incorrect format for PPP connection.
Invalid Gateway or incorrect format for IP connection.
Invalid Gateway or incorrect format for PPP connection.
The IP address of IP connection cannot be on the same subnet with LAN IP.
The IP address obtained from the PPP dial-up cannot be on the same subnet with the LAN IP.
Internal error.
The value must be within the specified string array. Please input another one.
Invalid IP address format for IP connection.
Invalid IP address format for PPP connection.
Invalid interface name for IP connection.
Invalid interface name for PPP connection.
Invalid MAC address or incorrect format.
Invalid MAC address or incorrect format.



Invalid IP address or incorrect format for IP connection.
Invalid IP address or incorrect format for PPP connection.
Invalid Gateway or incorrect format for IP connection.
Invalid Gateway or incorrect format for PPP connection.
The IP address of IP connection cannot be on the same subnet with LAN IP.
The IP address obtained from the PPP dial-up cannot be on the same subnet with the LAN IP.
Internal error.
The value must be within the specified string array. Please input another one.
Invalid IP address format.
Invalid interface name.
PPPoA connection does not support MAC Clone.
MAC Clone error.
The number of WAN ports exceeds the limit.
There is no DSL interface.
PPPoA does not support single-PVC-multi-connection. Please set available VPI/VCI values.
The IP address obtained from the PPP dial-up cannot be on the same subnet with the LAN IP.
Invalid DNS address.
Failed to create PPPoA interface.
Failed to assign PVC to the PPPoA interface.
No ATM interface exists for this PPPoA connection.
Failed to generate MAC address. Please delete an entry and try again.
Unknown PPP connection type.
The PPPoE connection does not have an Ethernet interface.
The value must be within the specified string array. Please input another one.
The IP of Second Connection cannot be on the same subnet with the LAN IP.
Invalid IP address or incorrect format.
At most 2 devices can be activated simultaneously.
At most 8 values can be activated simultaneously.
Cannot detach the Logical Volume in use. 
The Username cannot contain \"nobody\".
Invalid Directory, please input another one.
Failed to unlock PIN protection. Please confirm PIN code.
Invalid file size. Please check your file and try again.
Wrong file.
At most 4 entries for USB 3G uploaded commands.
Failed to parse uploaded file.
An entry using the same model but different commands already exists, please delete it first.
USB 3G Modem Entries list is full. No more uploads.
The server name should take less than 16 bytes.
Please select volume before clicking 'Save'.
Please select folder path.
No USB device found. Please check if your USB device is properly connected.
Invalid IPv6 site address. Please input another one.
Invalid IPv6 default gateway. Please input another one.
Invalid prefix length.
The IPv6 static route already exists. Please input another one.
The destination IPv6 address is the same as the LAN IP address.
The IPv6 gateway must contain the same site prefix as the WAN does.
The IPv6 gateway must contain the same site prefix as the LAN does.
Invalid Destination IPv6 Address. Please input another one.
Invalid Gateway. Please input another one.
The connection that the entry belongs to does not exist.
Invalid WAN IPv6 connection type.
Invalid 6RD prefix. Please check the 6RD prefix and its length.
The maximal length of feature code is 3 characters and it cannot be blank. 
Feature code must start with '*' or '#' and consist of at most another two numbers (0-9). 
The input feature code conflicts with the existing entries. Please input another one.
The input entry conflicts with the existing entries.
The input entry conflicts with the existing entries.
The input profile name already exists. Please input another one.
The input phone number and registrar already exist. Please input another one.
Phone name cannot be blank.
The input phone name conflicts with an existing one. Please input another one.
Invalid contact content.
Contact conflicts with the existing entries. Please input another one.
Handset is busy. Please try later.
DECT Base station is busy. Make sure no handset is in use and try again.
DECT is disabled.
tpPhone is busy. Please try again later.
The router is busy. Make sure no tpPhone is in use and try again.
tpPhone is disabled.
Invalid username or password. Please create another one.
Wireless settings conflict. Please verify the settings, e.g. 1.WEP security or WPA/TKIP encryption is not supported with 11n-only wireless mode enabled; 2.WEP security or WPA/WPA2 Enterprise is not supported when WPS is enabled; 3.The hidden SSID is not support with WPS enabled.
Invalid wireless settings.
The input SSID already exists. Please input another one.
The input MAC Address Filtering entry already exists.
Failed to obtain PIN code. Please try again.
The SSID is already in use by the Guest Network. Please input another one.
IPsec Tunnel Name already exists. Please input another one.
IPSec Tunnel Local Address must be on the same subnet with the LAN IP.
IPSec Tunnel Remote Address cannot be on the same subnet with the LAN IP.
The service port is already in use.
The VPN Subnet/Netmask and LAN IP address cannot be in the same subnet.
The VPN Subnet/Netmask and PPTP VPN IP address cannot be in the same subnet.
The client IP address and LAN IP address cannot be in the same subnet.
The client IP address and OpenVPN Subnet/Netmask cannot be in the same subnet.
Invalid e-mail address.
Username is required.
E-mail password is required.
Invalid SMTP server address.
Enter a correct receiver e-mail address. If more than one address is entered, separate them with \";\".
The function is not supported.
The request is denied. Please verify if the value or operation is valid.
Internal error.
Invalid value.
Buffer overflows or the value has reached its limit.
Invalid parameter name.
Invalid parameter type.
Invalid value.
Invalid configuration file. Please check the file format and value.
Corresponding object not found.
Corresponding case not found.

The number of entries has reached its limit.
The length of this value is out of range.
IO failed to obtain data.
IO failed to be configured.
Failed to access data.
Failed to upload upgrade file. Please select the correct file.
Failed to upload configuration file. Please select the correct file.
Incorrect old password.
Failed to obtain current PC's MAC address. Please try again.
Unknown error.
Failed to obtain parameters.
Failed to set parameters.
Invalid value.
The value is out of range.
The character string should not contain non-ASCII characters. Please input another one.
Invalid IP address format.
The IP address cannot be broadcast address.
Class A network number of the IP address cannot be 0.
The IP Address cannot be the loopback address (127.0.0.0).
Invalid Subnet Mask. Please input another one.
Class C host number of the LAN IP address cannot be 255.
The IP address cannot be multicast address.
The IP address cannot be a reserved LAN IP address.
Invalid IP address. Network address cannot be all 0 or all 1 binary values.
Invalid IP address. Host number cannot be all 0 or all 1 binary values.
The IP Address must be on the same subnet with the Gateway.
Invalid MAC Address format.
The MAC address cannot be 00:00:00:00:00:00.
The MAC address cannot be a broadcast address.
The MAC address cannot be a multicast address.
Please set an available URL.
Please set an available port.
Please set an available path.
Please set available period!
Please set available address!
The STUN minimum keep alive period must be no larger than The STUN maximum keep alive period!
Please select a configuration file.
Please select an upgrade file.
The Old Password cannot be blank.
The Old Password must be in ASCII character format.
The New Username cannot be blank.
The New Username must be in ASCII character format.
The New Password cannot be blank.
The New Password must be in ASCII character format.
Passwords do not match.
Invalid password. Passwords must contain 6-15 letters and/or numbers.
Please input valid IP address or MAC address.
Please input valid IP address or MAC address.
HTTP Local Management port number must be 80 or a number between 1024 and 65535.
HTTPS Local Management port number must be 443 or a number between 1024 and 65535.
HTTP Local Management port number cannot be the same with HTTPS Local Management port number. Please input another one.
HTTP Remote Management port number must be 80 or a number between 1024 and 65535.
HTTP Remote Management port number cannot be the same with HTTPS Local Management port number. Please input another one.
HTTPS Remote Management port number must be 443 or a number between 1024 and 65535.
HTTP Local Management port number cannot be the same with HTTPS Remote Management port number. Please input another one.
HTTP Remote Management port number cannot be the same as HTTPS Remote Management port number. Please input another one.
Invalid year format. Please input another one (1970-2037).
Invalid month format. Please input another one (01-12).
Invalid day format. Please input another one (01-31).
Invalid hour format. Please input another one (00-23).
Invalid minute format. Please input another one (00-60).
Invalid second format. Please input another one (00-60).
Invalid NTP Server format. Please input an IP address or a domain name.
Description cannot be blank or contain characters \" \\ / : * ? < > | &
Please input correct URL.
Please select at least one LAN Host entry or WAN Host entry.
The end time should not be earlier than the start time.
Please add at least one URL entry.
The Starting/Ending Port number should be between 1 and 65535.
The Start/End Time should not be equal.
Please input the IP address and port number.
Please input numerical values except 0.
Invalid port number. Please input another one between 1 and 65535.
The end port number value must be than the start port number. Please input another one.
The start port number cannot be blank when the end port number is not blank.
The maximum bandwidth should be larger than the minimum bandwidth.
The end IP address must be larger than the start IP address. Please input another one.
The start IP address cannot be blank when the end IP address is not blank.
The minimum rate for the upstream and downstream values cannot be blank.
The total upstream bandwidth cannot be larger than the current DSL upstream rate ($ kbps).
The total downstream bandwidth cannot be larger than the current DSL downstream rate ($ kbps).
Input value is out of range, the max value of throughput is 100000kbps.
Input value is out of range, the max value of throughput is 1000000kbps.
Invalid total bandwidth value for WRR or Traffic Control. Please input a value between 1 and the maximum line rate.
Invalid total bandwidth for CAR. Please leave the input field blank (for no limitative total bandwidth), or input a value between 1 and the maximum line rate. 
The Direction field is blank. Please select one from the list.
Please input correct queue name. Queue name cannot be blank or contain characters '\\/\":*?<>|&'
The length of queue name must be less than 12 characters.
Invalid weight. Please input a number between 1 and 100.
Invalid schedule algorithm.
Please input a valid class name. Class name cannot be blank or contain characters '\\/\":*?<>|&'
The length of class name must be less than 12 characters.
Ingress interface cannot be blank. Please select one from list.
Invalid MAC address mask. Please input another one.
Queue cannot be blank. Please select one from list.
Business name cannot be blank. Please select one from list.
Invalid port segment format. It must be in the format of XX-XX or XX.
Failed to edit the entry.
To avoid possible conflicts with the USB FTP Server, please enter another service port beyond the range of 59990-59999.
Invalid internal port format. It must be blank or in the format of XX.
Please input a valid IP address for the LAN port.
Please input a valid subnet mask for the LAN port.
LAN port's IP address cannot match the Subnet Mask.
Please input Start IP address.
Please input End IP address.
Address lease time is beyond the required range.
Invalid gateway format.
Invalid default domain format.
Invalid Primary DNS Server format.
Invalid Secondary DNS Server format.
DHCP Relay is enabled. Please input remote DHCP Server IP address.
Invalid Remote Server address format.
The second IP address cannot be the same with the LAN port's IP address.
Invalid configuration of DHCP address pool. DHCP address pool must be on the same subnet with the network and the host number cannot be all 0 or all 1 binary values.
Invalid gateway address. Gateway address must be on the same subnet with the network and the host number cannot be all 0 or all 1 binary values.
The last part of the Start IP address cannot be 0 or 255.
The last part of the End IP address cannot be 0 or 255.
Invalid device name. Please input another one.
Please input device names.
Please input Vendor ID.
Please input valid Start IP.
Please input valid END IP.
Please input Gateway address.
Please input the specified option value.
Please input available DNS1.
Invalid DNS2 format.
Vendor ID should not contain quotation marks.
Wrong device name，the length of device name should beneath 64.
User name cannot be blank.
Password cannot be blank.
Invalid domain name.
Domain name cannot be blank.
User name cannot be blank.
Password cannot be blank.
Please enter a valid domain name.
Please enter a valid server name.
User name cannot be blank.
Password cannot be blank.
Please enter a valid domain name.
Please enter a valid server name.
Invalid Update-URL.
The loaded entry already exists.
Please select your desired entries.
VPI value must be a value between 0 and 255. Please input another one.
VCI value must be a value between 0 and 65535. Please input another one.
This PVC already exists in the PVC list.
Invalid port. Please select another one.
Please select at least one debug mode.
Invalid VPI/VCI range.
Invalid SCR value. Pleas input a value between 0 and 5500.
Invalid SCR value. Please input integers between 0 and 5500.
Invalid MBS value. Please input a value between 0 and 65535.
Connection type not selected.
This function is disabled under the current WAN port connection type.
Invalid MTU value. Please input a value between 576 and 1500.
Invalid MTU value. Please input a value between 576 and 1492.
Invalid DNS Server Address.
Invalid secondary DNS Server Address.
Invalid online triggering time. Please input a value between 0 and 120.
Please input the username.
Please input the password.
Please select a WAN port as the system default gateway.
Failed to search PVC.
Please set available gateway IP when searching PVC automatically.
No interface added or no group name.
Please select an interface first.
This group already exists. Please input another one.
Passwords don't match.
Incorrect username. Please input another one.
SCR value cannot be blank.
PCR value cannot be blank.
SCR value cannot be larger than the PCR value.
Invalid group name. Please input another one.
MBS value cannot be blank.
The Server IP Address/Name field cannot be blank.
At least one DNS address must be entered if the Server IP Address/Name is not an actual IP address.
This VLAN ID already exists. Please input another one.
Invalid VLAN ID.
Invalid VLAN PRIORITY range.
Connection ID cannot be blank.
T-Online Number cannot be blank.
User Suffix cannot be blank.
Invalid Reconnect time. Please input another one.
Reconnect time cannot be blank.
Invalid IP address. Please input another one.
Invalid Subnet Mask. Please input another one.
Invalid Default Gateway. Please input another one.
IP address conflicts with Subnet Mask. Please input another one.
Default gateway conflicts with Subnet Mask. Please input another one.
The default gateway must be on the same subnet with the IP address. Please input another one.
Invalid primary DNS. Please input another one.
Invalid secondary DNS. Please input another one.
IPoA does not support single-PVC-multi-connection. Please set available VPI/VCI values.
Illegal host name. Please input another one.
You have selected to configure the DNS manually. Please set at least one DNS server address.
Invalid Max Idle Time. Please input a number between 0 and 99.
PPPoA does not support single-PVC-multi-connection. Please set available VPI/VCI values.
Please input values for Read Community.
Please input values for Set Community.
Invalid Trap Manager IP address. Please input another one.
The Share Name cannot be blank.
The Share Name must be in ASCII characters format.
Folder name should not contain white space or \\/:*?\"<>|]
The Directory cannot be blank.
The Directory must be in ASCII characters format.
The Directory already exists.
The Share Name already exists.
The directory does not exist.
Username should not contain white space or \\/:*?\"<>|@+=;,.[]()$
The input user name conflicts with an existing one.
Please input the service port.
The service port must be a number between 1 and 65535.
The service port is out of range.
The service port already exists.
The Server Name cannot be blank.
The Server Name must be in ASCII characters format.
Server Name should not contain white space or \\/:*?\"<>|@+=;,.[]()
Please choose a 3G USB modem configuration file.
No available WAN connection detected. Please make sure that you select the correct tunneling mechanism and try again. If the problem still exists, please contact your ISP.
Please input a prefix.
Invalid IPv6 site prefix. Please input another one.
Please input prefix length.
The prefix length must be 64.
Please input the start IPv6 interface ID.
Please input the end IPv6 interface ID.
Please input the leased time.
Invalid start IPv6 interface ID. Please input a hexadecimal number between 1 and FFFF.
Invalid end IPv6 interface ID. Please input a hexadecimal number between 1 and FFFF.
Invalid leased time. Please input a number between 0 and 999999.
The start interface ID should be smaller than the end interface ID. Please input another one.
Please select at least one IP stack.
Invalid IPv6 address format.
The prefix length must be smaller than 128 bits.
You have selected to configure IPv6 DNS manually. Please input at least one valid IPv6 DNS server address.
Please input a correct destination IPv6 address.
Please input a valid prefix length. The value cannot exceed 64.
Please input a correct IPv6 Gateway Address.
Gateway address cannot have the same prefix as the selected WAN IPv6 interface address.
Please enter a correct remote IPv6 address.
No available WAN connection detected. Please make sure that you select the correct tunneling mechanism and try again. If the problem still exists, please contact your ISP.
Please enter a 6rd prefix length between 1 and 32.
Please enter the 6rd prefix provided by your ISP.
Please enter the Border Relay IPv4 Address provided by your ISP.
Please enter an IPv4 mask length between 0 and 32.
Only the Dynamic IP WAN connection supports Auto 6RD. Please change the configuration type to manual or select another connection type.
No available WAN connection detected. Please make sure that you select the correct tunneling mechanism and try again. If the problem still exists, please contact your ISP.
No available WAN connection detected. Please make sure that you select the correct tunneling mechanism and try again. If the problem still exists, please contact your ISP.
Invalid IPv6 address format.
Invalid prefix length.
There are too many existing accounts, one will be deleted. 
The number of accounts has exceeded its limit. Please delete an existing account before adding another one.
The Profile Name already exists.
The Phone Number and Registrar already exist.
The Prefix already exists.
The destination field cannot be blank.
Invalid Max Length. The Max Length value should be larger than the Prefix's length.
Invalid Strip Length. The Strip Length should be smaller than the Prefix's length.
The Interface Enable field cannot be blank.
The number of dial plan entries has exceeded its limit. Please delete an existing plan before adding another one.
The Interface Barring field cannot be blank.
The number of entries has exceeded its limit. Please delete an existing entry before adding another one.
The input Speed Dial entry already exists.
Note: USB Mass storage device is disconnected.
Note: No valid files were found within the USB Mass Storage device.
Note: Not enough USB Mailbox Capacity available.
The selected item will be deleted.
The number of dial plan entries has exceeded the limit. Please delete an existing plan before adding another one.
The Voicemail is busy now, please try again later.
Please enter ASCII characters only.
Please input a valid value in this field. $
The length of this value is out of range. $
The value is out of range. $
The value can only contain characters 0-9. $
This entry contains invalid characters. $
The value cannot contain the following characters \" \"'\\;:<@ \". $
Invalid IP Address.

This phone number already exists.
Note: The Profile Name already exists. The account with the same profile name will be removed.
The number of accounts has exceeded its limit. Please delete an existing account before adding another one.
Anonymous calls have already been added into the list.
Please select a telephone number or a phone.
Please input a number.
Please input a telephone number with 1 to 8 digits.
Please select the incoming number.
Please select the outgoing number.
DND start time must be earlier than end time.
Please select Dial via Number.
The input number cannot be same with the existing ones.
Registrar Address cannot be 0.0.0.0.
Contact already exists.
The number cannot be blank.
The name cannot be blank.
Speed dial number cannot be blank.
For the security of your voicemails, we strongly recommend you create a new PIN.
No USB storage device found.
No voice mail is found or voice mails have been backed up.
Not enough free capacity in the USB storage device for backup.
Backup failed.
Backup is already in progress.
Failed to write the voice mails into the USB storage device.
Failed to read the voice mails from the flash memory.
Test failed.
Test timeout. Please try again later.
Unable to resolve SMTP server address. Make sure the SMTP server address is correct and the router is connected to the Internet.
Unable to connect to SMTP server. Make sure the SMTP server settings are correct and the router is connected to the Internet.
SSL negotiation failed. The SMTP server may not support SSL connection.
Test failed. The SMTP server may not support STARTTLS.
Test failed. Make sure the username or e-mail password is correct or enable STARTTLS.
Incorrect e-mail address.
Test failed.
Test failed.
Wan not connected, you have to re-export client.ovpn or change your current client.ovpn when wan is connected.
DDNS not enabled, use your current wan ip to generate client.ovpn.You have to re-export client.ovpn when wan ip changed.
DDNS enabled but not connected, use your current wan ip to generate client.ovpn.
Currently your ddns is not enabled, highly recommend you to use ddns with openvpn.
Please input a valid service port.Valid values are 1024-65534.
The service port already exists, try another one and remember valid values are 1024-65534.
OpenVpn keys have a valid time of 10 years.You must set your router's time to current internet time before you use it.(Valid values are from year 2015-2037)
Invalid client end ip.End ip must be bigger that start ip, and 10 clients at most.
Invalid username or password. Please enter up to 15 characters using a-z, A-Z, 0-9 and _.
Please input an SSID.
You can input 32 characters at most in the SSID field.
Please input Bridge SSID.
You can input 32 characters at most in the Bridge SSID field.
Please input Bridge SSID.
Invalid Bridge SSID format. Please verify the input.
Bridge ASCII password contains invalid characters.
The ASCII Bridge connection's WEP key must be 5, 13 or 16 characters in length.
The hexadecimal password of Bridge connection contains invalid characters.
The hexadecimal Bridge connection's WEP key must be 10, 26 or 32 characters in length.
The Bridge connection PSK key must contain 8 to 63 ASCII characters or 64 hexadecimal characters.
If WDS is enabled, channel must be set according to the Root AP.
Connecting AP channel is $, which should be the same with configured AP channel. Please confirm channel settings.
Invalid SSID.
Invalid Beacon interval value. Please input another one.
Invalid RTS threshold value. Please input another one.
Invalid Fragmentation threshold value. Please input another one.
Invalid DTIM interval value. Please input another one.
Beacon interval value must be between 25 and 1000. Please input another one.
The RTS threshold value must be between 1 and 2346. Please input another one.
Fragmentation threshold value must be between 256 and 2346. Please input another one.
DTIM interval value must be between 1 and 255. Please input another one.
11n-only is not supported with WEP encryption enabled.
11n-only is not supported with TKIP encryption enabled.
WPA encryption is not supported with WPS enabled.
TKIP encryption is not supported with WPS enabled.
WEP encryption is not supported with WPS enabled.
The WPS function is not supported with WEP, WPA or TKIP encryption enabled.
Multi SSID is not supported with WEP encryption enabled.
Guest Network is not supported with WEP encryption enabled.
Please input the PIN.
The PIN code cannot exceed 8 numbers.
The PIN code must consist of digits.
Invalid PIN. Please try again.
Please ensure there is at least one valid WEP key.
Please input valid WEP key.
Please make sure the current key consists of hexadecimal characters only.
Please make sure the current key consists of ASCII characters only.
Please input the TKIP/AES password.
The length of TKIP/AES password must be at least 8 characters.
The TKIP/AES value should only consist of hexadecimal characters. Please input another value.
The TKIP/AES value should only consist of ASCII characters. Please input another one.
Invalid Group Key renewal cycle.
Please input valid RADIUS Server Port.
Please input RADIUS Server Password.
Please input valid RADIUS Server Password.
Please input wireless password.
The length of wireless password must be at least 8 characters.
The wireless password should only consist of hexadecimal characters. Please input another one.
The wireless password should only consist of ASCII characters. Please input another one.
The wireless MAC filtering list is blank.
Invalid MAC Address. Please input another one.
The input address already exists. Please input another one.
Failed to configure MAC filtering. Please ensure the wireless function is enabled.
Please input valid description. Description should not contain '\\/\":*?<>|&' or end with blank.
Selecting the incorrect country may cause interference to other devices and violate the applicable law.
Invalid mode value. Please input another one.
Wireless Function is disabled. Please go to Wireless settings to enable it.
Please input the PIN code.
PIN code must consist of ASCII characters.
The Confirm PIN Code must accord with the New PIN Code.
Invalid Dial Number. Only 0-9, # and * are permitted.
Please input the remote gateway address.
Local IP Address $ is invalid.
Local Subnet Mask $ is invalid.
Remote IP Address $ is invalid.
Remote Subnet Mask $ is invalid.
Please input the Pre-Shared Key.
Phase 1 Key Life Time should be a positive integer.
Phase 2 Key Life Time should be a positive integer.
Invalid Manual Encryption Key.
The manual encryption key is AES. Its length must be 32, 48 or 64 bits.
Invalid Manual Encryption Key. The key must consist of hexadecimal numbers only.
Invalid Manual Authentication Key.
Invalid SPI value. Please input a valid one according to the rule.
My Identifier cannot be blank.
Peer's Identifier cannot be blank.
When the identifier is set to 'FQDN', the mode should be set to main.
10 IPSec Tunnels already exist.
The Aggressive mode should be selected.
Internal System Error.
File not found.
File not accepted.
Network error. Please check the network connection and the network configuration.
